Y
ah
to
Enough
d
Y
to
ah
two
and good friends what they saw a little while ago
12 minutes ago is an invitation to a
server that is very good is gp war
of gangs this ms in Spanish
Spanish Spanish who speak Spanish
players who spoke in Spanish everything is
very good
There are no minimum good suit is not
the pin that is very low
that's totally in Spanish and good
I am here give vips here the admin
week in as a command called
and here we are going to upload it does not let me
here the admins are won with a command
it's called I want admin and the bits are
give away is winning events
and well be here is a server that does not
ask for money for anything like they will see if
come in this is going to say this I do not ask
money or we just want you to have fun and
It is the truth
and the server needs more people right now
in this video so that as well as the
previous of my clan clan by mick clan
sweater
well you know there are no favorites that
they approach what they have enjoyed they know
that I 'm not the best that performs these
videos contested until the next
goodbye video